MultiNetworking Docs: Refactor to meet org template (#4537)
ovn-kubernetes/ovn-kubernetes: docs/features/multiple-networks/multi-homing.md

  network to provide north-south traffic to the workloads.

For layer 2 and localnet topologies, multihoming also allows IP features on secondary interfaces such as static IP
allocation and persistent IP addresses for virtualization workloads.

To allow pods to have multiple network interfaces, the user must provide the
configurations specifying how to connect to these networks; these
configurations are defined in a CRD named `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`, defined by
the [Kubernetes Network Custom Resource Definition De-facto Standard](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multi-net-spec).

> [!NOTE]
> layer 2 and layer 3 topologies are overlays - thus, they do not need **any** previous physical network configuration.

## Prerequisites
- [multus-cni](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni)

## Motivation
Multihoming is essential when you need more than one network interface on your pods. This can be useful for various
use cases, such as virtual network functions (VNFs), firewalls, or virtualization (virt) where the default
cluster network might not be suitable. For example, multihoming allows for live migration of pods without changing

> their IP addresses, which is often not possible with the primary network.

Author: I meant vmi pods of course :) 
but I also don't mind removing the entire sentence.. 
DONE

> their IP addresses, which is often not possible with the primary network.

Reviewer: Since OVN-Kubernetes handles pods, whenever people read pods, they hear "pods" in their minds, not "vmi pods".

Thanks.

In OVN-K, multihoming supports several virt-specific features. These
include [persistent IP addresses for virtualization](#persistent-ip-addresses-for-virtualization-workloads) workloads,
ensuring that VMs retain their IP addresses even when they move across nodes. This enhances workload mobility and
minimizes disruptions.

Multihoming is also compatible with the [multi-network policy](multi-network-policies.md) API, which can provide further security rules on the
traffic.

## User-Stories
- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to configure secondary networks for specific pods so that I can enable
  specialized/sensitive workloads with distinct network requirements.
- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to facilitate seamless live migration of VMs within so that I can maintain established TCP
  connections and preserve VM IP configurations during migration.

## User-Cases
- cluster-wide overlay network on layer 2:
  In this case example, two VMs from different namespaces - VMA and VMC - are connected over a secondary-network.
  VMB is not exposed to this traffic.
  ![multi-homing-use-case-layer2](multi-homing-use-case-layer2.png)

> - cluster-wide overlay network on localnet:

Author: sorry, bad wording on my part. 
DONE

# Multihoming
## Introduction
Multihoming allows the configuration of secondary-network interfaces for K8s pods.
OVN-Kubernetes secondary-network has three configurable topologies: layer 3, layer 2, or localnet.

- A layer 3 topology is a simplification of the topology for the cluster default network - but without egress.
- A layer 2 topology provides an isolated (no egress) cluster-wide layer2 network providing east-west traffic to the
  cluster workloads.
- A localnet topology is based on layer 2 topology, but also allows connecting to an existent (configured) physical
  network to provide north-south traffic to the workloads.

For layer 2 and localnet topologies, multihoming also allows IP features on secondary interfaces such as static IP
allocation and persistent IP addresses for virtualization workloads.

To allow pods to have multiple network interfaces, the user must provide the
configurations specifying how to connect to these networks; these
configurations are set in a CRD named `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`, defined by
the [Kubernetes Network Custom Resource Definition De-facto Standard](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multi-net-spec).

Notes:

> * layer 2 and layer 3 topologies are overlays - thus, they do not need **any** previous physical network configuration.

Author: Like

## Prerequisites
- [multus-cni](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni)

## Motivation
Multihoming is essential when you need more than one network interface on your pods. This can be useful for various
use cases, such as virtual network functions (VNFs), firewalls, or virtualization (virt) where the default
cluster network might not be suitable. For example, multihoming allows for live migration of pods without changing
their IP addresses, which is often not possible with the primary network.

In OVN-K, multihoming supports several virt-specific features. These
include [persistent IP addresses for virtualization](#persistent-ip-addresses-for-virtualization-workloads) workloads,
ensuring that VMs retain their IP addresses even when they move across nodes. This enhances workload mobility and
minimizes disruptions.

> Multihoming is also compatible with the multi-network policy API, which can provide further security rules on the

Author: DONE

  In this case example, Pod and VM workloads accessing a relational DB reachable via the physical network (i.e. deployed
  outside Kubernetes).
  ![multi-homing-use-case-localnet](multi-homing-use-case-localnet.png)

## How to enable this feature on an OVN-Kubernetes cluster?
This feature is enabled by default on all OVN-Kubernetes clusters. You don't need to do anything extra to start using
this feature. There is a Feature Config option `enable-multi-network` under `OVNKubernetesFeatureConfig` config that can
be used to disable this feature.

## Workflow Description
After a pod is scheduled on a particular Kubernetes node, kubelet will invoke
the meta-plugin installed on the cluster (such as [Multus](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni)) to
prepare the pod for networking.
The meta-plugin will invoke the CNI responsible for setting up the pod's default cluster network.
After that, the meta-plugin iterates the list of secondary networks, invoking the corresponding CNI implementing
the logic to attach the pod to that particular secondary-network. The CNI will use the details specified on
the `network-attachment-definition` in order to do that.

> **NOTE**:

Reviewer: again, let's use github's [alerts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts).

Author: DONE

# Multihoming

## Introduction

Multihoming allows the configuration of secondary-network interfaces for K8s pods.
OVN-Kubernetes secondary-network has three configurable topologies: layer 3, layer 2, or localnet.

- A layer 3 topology is a simplification of the topology for the cluster default network - but without egress.
- A layer 2 topology supports east-west cluster traffic, but does not allow access to the underlying physical network.
- A localnet topology allows connections to the physical network, but requires additional configuration of the
  underlying Open vSwitch (OVS) bridge on cluster nodes.

Multihoming also allows IP features on secondary interfaces such as static IP allocation and persistent IP

> addresses for virtualization workloads.

Author: ACK, thanks!
Fixed.

# Multihoming

## Introduction

Multihoming allows the configuration of secondary-network interfaces for K8s pods.
OVN-Kubernetes secondary-network has three configurable topologies: layer 3, layer 2, or localnet.

- A layer 3 topology is a simplification of the topology for the cluster default network - but without egress.
- A layer 2 topology supports east-west cluster traffic, but does not allow access to the underlying physical network.

> - A localnet topology allows connections to the physical network, but requires additional configuration of the

Author: DONE

  underlying Open vSwitch (OVS) bridge on cluster nodes.

For layer 2 and localnet topologies, multihoming also allows IP features on secondary interfaces such as static IP
allocation and persistent IP addresses for virtualization workloads.

To allow pods to have multiple network interfaces, the user must provide the
configurations specifying how to connect to these networks; these
configurations are set in a CRD named `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`, defined by
the [Kubernetes Network Custom Resource Definition De-facto Standard](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multi-net-spec).

## Motivation

Multihoming enables the workloads users (Pods and VMs) to send/receive traffic on network interfaces separate from the
primary K8s network, without using complicated routing on the underlying physical network.
It allows interconnecting the workloads through the OVN-Kubernetes logical switches to east-west workloads and to

> physical networks.

Author: > Let's reword this - as is, we'll have to re-write after primary UDN. Might as well leave it in a way we don't have to change much afterwards.
> 
> What I'd like to see referenced here:
> 
> * multi-homing allows multiple interfaces in the workloads. The user / customer use-cases determine the need for multiple interfaces. We can work on some examples if you think it is a good idea. (firewall VNF / virt for instance)
> * kubernetes only knows about / manages the cluster default network

inserted the first two, WDYT?

> * the user defined physical networks _must_ be configured out of band the the cluster / network admin

Is UDN going to be just a new topology? 

> * some networks on ovn-k (secondary L2  / L3) are overlays - thus, they do not need **any** previous physical network configuration.

Added a note for it on the Introduction section. WDYT?

> 
> The last 2 bullets probably don't make much sense in a motivation section ... Could be useful somewhere else though.

For VM workloads, Multihoming can ensure that VMs retain their IP addresses even when they move across nodes, enhancing

> workload mobility and minimizing disruptions.

Author: Not sure I entirely understand.

>hm, I'm unsure this is the thing we want to highlight her

why not? `allowPersistentIPs` field is part of this feature, no? (really asking here :) )

>Maybe we should indicate why the kubernetes default network is usually not a fit for virt workloads ?

Can you elaborate why? I can think of several reasons (network performance, network isolation, needing complex/custom network topologies), so please focus me here.

> workload mobility and minimizing disruptions.

Reviewer: > Not sure I entirely understand.
> 
> > hm, I'm unsure this is the thing we want to highlight her
> 
> why not? `allowPersistentIPs` field is part of this feature, no? (really asking here :) )

Yes, but you're focusing on the tree, rather than in the forest. 

Multi-homing is useful if you need more than one interface on your pods. For whatever reason. You can then list useful / common use cases of multi-homing, including virt, where the cluster default network is **not** a fit. That's what I'm asking for below.

> 
> > Maybe we should indicate why the kubernetes default network is usually not a fit for virt workloads ?
> 
> Can you elaborate why? I can think of several reasons (network performance, network isolation, needing complex/custom network topologies), so please focus me here.

You usually can't live migrate, since the default cluster network will give your pod different IP addresses before / after migration.

> 
> > Still, this argument is good and should be kept. I'd probably just frame it differently, and indicate that ovn-k has/provides some virt-aware features for this type of workloads.
> 
> totally lost you there :) Can you be more specific?

I'm trying to say that after explaining why multi-homing is useful, and listing use cases for multi homing, in which you can go into some detail on some - namely virt - you could open the door to listing some virt specific features we have on ovn-k. Link to a different section where these are explained if you want.

But let's forget that for now and explain clearly why multi-homing is useful, and listing some use cases of that.

> workload mobility and minimizing disruptions.

Author: rephrased. PTAL

Multihoming is also compatible with the multi-network policy API, which can provide further security rules on the
traffic.

## User-Stories

- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to configure secondary-networks for specific pods so that I can enable
  specialized/sensitive workloads with distinct network requirements.
- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to facilitate seamless live migration of VMs within so that I can maintain established TCP
  connections and preserve VM IP configurations during migration.

## User-Cases

- cluster-wide overlay network on layer 2:
  In this case example, two VMs are connected over a secondary-network, where VMA accesses a database deployed on VMB.
  The IPs are assigned via a Pod running DHCP, connected to the same layer 2 network.
  ![multi-homing-use-case-layer2](multi-homing-use-case-layer2.png)
- cluster-wide overlay network on localnet:
  In this case example, Pod and VM workloads accessing a relational DB reachable via the physical network (i.e. deployed
  outside Kubernetes).

>   ![multi-homing-use-case-localnet](multi-homing-use-case-localnet.png)

Author: So... if I swap the DHCP and DB so that:
- DHCP is out of band
- DB is on the pod

then we're good?

>   ![multi-homing-use-case-localnet](multi-homing-use-case-localnet.png)

Reviewer: Why would the DB be on the pod ? The DB exists before the kubernetes cluster .

Both the DB and the DHCP exist before the kubernetes cluster, and are services deployed on a network that exists before the kubernetes cluster, and is managed out of band. Both the DHCP server and the database will run in bare-metal, somewhere **outside** the kubernetes cluster.

>   ![multi-homing-use-case-localnet](multi-homing-use-case-localnet.png)

Author: Changed. PTAL

## How to enable this feature on an OVN-Kubernetes cluster?

This feature is enabled by default on all OVN-Kubernetes clusters. You don't need to do anything extra to start using

> this feature.

Author: Fixed according to other docs.

## Workflow Description

After a pod is scheduled on a particular Kubernetes node, kubelet will invoke
the meta-plugin installed on the cluster (such as [Multus](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni)) to

> prepare the pod for networking.

Author: Added Prerequisites. WDYT?

The meta-plugin will invoke the CNI responsible for setting up the pod's default cluster network.
After that, the meta-plugin iterates the list of secondary-networks, invoking the corresponding CNI implementing
the logic to attach the pod to that particular secondary-network. The CNI will use the details specified on
the `network-attachment-definition` in order to do that.

**NOTE**:

> 

Author: no idea :) Should I remove?

> 

Reviewer: Well, I'd say yes. Unless it is needed for some reason.

> 

Author: DONE

> 

Reviewer: I still see this newline.

> 

Author: DONE

- networks are **not** namespaced - i.e. creating multiple
  `network-attachment-definition`s with different configurations pointing at the
  same network (same `NetConf.Name` attribute) is **not** supported.

## Implementation Details

## User facing API Changes

> There are no user facing API Changes.

Author: hmmm. not sure, I'm only refactoring the content written, following the OVNK template..
"how to use" chapter it is not part of the OVNK template IIRC, though if you you think it's needed then please suggest where I could put it, then I will attempt to add one.

> There are no user facing API Changes.

Reviewer: Forget it then .

- A layer 3 topology is a simplification of the topology for the cluster default network - but without egress.
- A layer 2 topology provides an isolated (no egress) cluster-wide layer2 network providing east-west traffic to the
  cluster workloads.
- A localnet topology is based on layer 2 topology, but also allows connecting to an existent (configured) physical
  network to provide north-south traffic to the workloads.

For layer 2 and localnet topologies, multihoming also allows IP features on secondary interfaces such as static IP
allocation and persistent IP addresses for virtualization workloads.

To allow pods to have multiple network interfaces, the user must provide the
configurations specifying how to connect to these networks; these
configurations are set in a CRD named `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`, defined by
the [Kubernetes Network Custom Resource Definition De-facto Standard](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multi-net-spec).

Notes:
* layer 2 and layer 3 topologies are overlays - thus, they do not need **any** previous physical network configuration.

## Prerequisites

> - multus-cni

Reviewer: please turn this into a link to the upstream project.

Author: DONE

## Motivation

Multihoming enables workloads (Pods and VMs) to use network interfaces separate from the primary network
managed by Kubernetes. This allows them to have multiple interfaces without using complicated routing on
the underlying physical network. This can serve for various use cases such as implementing firewall, VNF, virt, etc...

Multihoming can ensure that VMs retain their IP addresses even when they move across nodes, enhancing
workload mobility and minimizing disruptions.

Multihoming is also compatible with the multi-network policy API, which can provide further security rules on the
traffic.

## User-Stories

- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to configure secondary-networks for specific pods so that I can enable
  specialized/sensitive workloads with distinct network requirements.
- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to facilitate seamless live migration of VMs within so that I can maintain established TCP
  connections and preserve VM IP configurations during migration.

## User-Cases

- cluster-wide overlay network on layer 2:

>   In this case example, two VMs are connected over a secondary-network, where VMA accesses a database deployed on VMB.

Reviewer: the DB should be deployed as bare-metal on something connected to the network.

Author: But then it's not layer 2, but rather localnet.
hmm, I need to think of better use cases..

Reviewer: think of something generic for layer2.

>   The IPs are assigned via a Pod running DHCP, connected to the same layer 2 network.

Reviewer: the ips are assigned by a dhcp server deployed on the physical network.

Author: removed

- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to configure secondary networks for specific pods so that I can enable
  specialized/sensitive workloads with distinct network requirements.
- As a Cluster-Admin, I want to facilitate seamless live migration of VMs within so that I can maintain established TCP
  connections and preserve VM IP configurations during migration.

## User-Cases

- cluster-wide overlay network on layer 2:
  In this case example, two VMs from different namespaces - VMA and VMC - are connected over a secondary-network.
  VMB is not exposed to this traffic.
  ![multi-homing-use-case-layer2](multi-homing-use-case-layer2.png)
- cluster-wide overlay network on localnet:
  In this case example, Pod and VM workloads accessing a relational DB reachable via the physical network (i.e. deployed
  outside Kubernetes).
  ![multi-homing-use-case-localnet](multi-homing-use-case-localnet.png)

## How to enable this feature on an OVN-Kubernetes cluster?

This feature is enabled by default on all OVN-Kubernetes clusters. You don't need to do anything extra to start using
this feature. There is a Feature Config option `enable-multi-network` under `OVNKubernetesFeatureConfig` config that can

> be used to disable this feature.

Reviewer: Hm, I think this is wrong ....

I mean, it is true for OpenShift, but not upstream.

You need to start the kind cluster w/ the proper flag - `--multi-network-enable` . 

Right ?

Author: Does `How to enable this feature on an OVN-Kubernetes cluster?` == how do I enabled it using the kind.sh script?

Reviewer: This is wrong. You need to say something like
```suggestion
The `multi-network` feature must be enabled in the OVN-Kubernetes configuration. Please use the `Feature Config` option `enable-multi-network` under `OVNKubernetesFeatureConfig` config to enable it.
```

Author: DONE

## Workflow Description

After a pod is scheduled on a particular Kubernetes node, kubelet will invoke
the meta-plugin installed on the cluster (such as [Multus](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni)) to
prepare the pod for networking.
The meta-plugin will invoke the CNI responsible for setting up the pod's default cluster network.
After that, the meta-plugin iterates the list of secondary networks, invoking the corresponding CNI implementing
the logic to attach the pod to that particular secondary-network. The CNI will use the details specified on
the `network-attachment-definition` in order to do that.

**NOTE**:

> - networks are **not** namespaced - i.e. creating multiple `network-attachment-definition`s with different

Reviewer: maybe add another entry saying NAD updates are not supported ? i.e. the user must remove all workloads attached to the network (in all namespaces ...), then delete *all* NADs, then finally re-provision the "new" ones ? 

This could make sense on a separate `limitations` heading.

Author: I agree. Added to limitations.

  configurations pointing at the same network (same `NetConf.Name` attribute) is **not** supported.

## Implementation Details

## User facing API Changes

There are no user facing API Changes.

## OVN-Kubernetes Implementation Details

Below you will find example attachment configurations for each of the current topologies OVN-K allows for secondary
networks.

### Routed - layer 3 - topology

> 

Reviewer: is this newline required for linting reasons ? If not, please remove it.

Author: titles usually have new line spaced. I don't mind removing it, but to keep consistency I will remove from all `###` titles.

Author: Would like all title types (`#`, `##`,...) to not have new line?

Reviewer: Yes, like it was before.

    }
```

Network Configuration reference:

> 

Reviewer: I think this was better before ...

Author: switched back to `#### Network Configuration reference`

  config: |2
    {
            "cniVersion": "1.0.0",

>             "name": "l3-network-overlay",

Reviewer: would you tell me why you're updating this name ? 

It's OK, but, this name is as good / bad as the previous one.

Author: just following @qinqon 's [request](https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/pull/4537#pullrequestreview-2207065476) to `modify the example NADs and use different name for the meta.name at NADs and the spec.config.name`

Reviewer: yeah, but you can do that using any other name. 

I would go for the typical `tenant<color>` network name ...

Author: ACK. DONE

- `netAttachDefName` (string, required): must match `<namespace>/<net-attach-def name>`
  of the surrounding object.

> [!NOTE]
> the `subnets` attribute indicates both the subnet across the cluster, and per node.
  The example above means you have a /16 subnet for the network, but each **node** has
  a /24 subnet.

> > routed - layer3 - topology networks **only** allow for east/west traffic.

Author: I think I'm going to move it into a separate note.

  of the surrounding object.

> **NOTE**

Reviewer: use github's [alerts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts).

  of the surrounding object.

**NOTE**

> 

Reviewer: again the newline. 

Is there a reason for this ?

Author: Fixed as part of [comment](https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/pull/4537/files#r1745223088)

  config: |2
    {
            "cniVersion": "1.0.0",

>             "name": "l2-network-overlay",

Reviewer: ditto

Author: https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/pull/4537#pullrequestreview-2207065476

Reviewer: same reasoning...

Author: DONE

  These IPs will be removed from the assignable IP pool, and never handed over
  to the pods.
- `allowPersistentIPs` (boolean, optional): persist the OVN Kubernetes assigned
  IP addresses in a `ipamclaims.k8s.cni.cncf.io` object. This IP addresses will
  be reused by other pods if requested. Useful for KubeVirt VMs. Only makes
  sense if the `subnets` attribute is also defined.

**NOTE**

- when the subnets attribute is omitted, the logical switch implementing the
  network will only provide layer 2 communication, and the users must configure
  IPs for the pods. Port security will only prevent MAC spoofing.

> - switched - layer2 - secondary-networks **only** allow for east/west traffic.

Reviewer: why are you adding a dash here ?

Author: Wanted to keep things consistent, but nothing wrong with keeping it consistent to `secondary networks`. Will change

Author: DONE

  config: |2
    {
            "cniVersion": "1.0.0",

>             "name": "localnet-network-overlay",

Reviewer: wrong. 

it's not an overlay. it uses the physical network.

Reviewer: it's the name of the ovn-k CNI binary in the hosts.

You're right it may no longer fit all the use cases, but that's besides the point.

  config: |2
    {
            "cniVersion": "1.0.0",

>             "name": "localnet-physical-network",

Reviewer: these are kind of redundant but I won't fight for changing it.

Author: change to the tenant<color> format

  to the pods.
- `vlanID` (integer, optional): assign VLAN tag. Defaults to none.
- `allowPersistentIPs` (boolean, optional): persist the OVN Kubernetes assigned
   IP addresses in a `ipamclaims.k8s.cni.cncf.io` object. This IP addresses will
   be reused by other pods if requested. Useful for KubeVirt VMs. Only makes
   sense if the `subnets` attribute is also defined.

> - `physicalNetworkName` (string, optional): the name of the physical network to

Reviewer: @RamLavi please open a follow-up adding the `physicalNetworkName` attribute back.

I think this was the by-product of a rebase gone bad. 

Sorry I didn't catch it before.

  to the pods.
- `vlanID` (integer, optional): assign VLAN tag. Defaults to none.
- `allowPersistentIPs` (boolean, optional): persist the OVN Kubernetes assigned
  IP addresses in a `ipamclaims.k8s.cni.cncf.io` object. This IP addresses will
  be reused by other pods if requested. Useful for KubeVirt VMs. Only makes
  sense if the `subnets` attribute is also defined.

**NOTE**

- when the subnets attribute is omitted, the logical switch implementing the
  network will only provide layer 2 communication, and the users must configure
  IPs for the pods. Port security will only prevent MAC spoofing.

### Setting a secondary-network on the pod

The user must specify the secondary-network attachments via the
`k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks` annotation.

The following example provisions a pod with two secondary attachments, one for
each of the attachment configurations presented in

> [Configuring secondary-networks](#configuring-secondary-networks).

Reviewer: remove the dash

Author: DONE

```

### Setting static IP addresses on a pod

> 

Reviewer: ... why ?

Author: Changed as part of [comment](https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes/pull/4537/files#r1745234474)

  namespace: ns1
spec:
  containers:
    - args:
        - pause
      image: registry.k8s.io/e2e-test-images/agnhost:2.36
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent

>       name: agnhost-container

Author: don't think there was a reason, maybe by mistake.
Let's just put it back.

same configuration - i.e. all NADs in the network must either allow (or reject)
persistent IPs.

The client application component: [ipam-extentions](https://github.com/kubevirt/ipam-extensions) (which watches for the VM lifecycle) is
responsible for creating the `ipamclaims.k8s.cni.cncf.io` object;
The main client application: [Kubevirt](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt) (which creates the VM, and manages its lifecycle) points to
the `IPAMClaim` in the network selection element upon pod creation; 

> OVN-Kubernetes will then persist the IP addresses it has allocated the pod in the `IPAMClaim`. This flow

Author: but.. but.. what's written here is not correct.. Perhaps I should put it on a different PR? Or just leave it?

> OVN-Kubernetes will then persist the IP addresses it has allocated the pod in the `IPAMClaim`. This flow

Reviewer: you're focusing on the how.

OVN-K documentation should focus on the what. something gives OVN-K a pod annotated with the required data., and something creates an IPAM claim for OVN-K to reconcile. 

IMO, whatever design choices kubevirt did should not be a part of the documentation here.

> OVN-Kubernetes will then persist the IP addresses it has allocated the pod in the `IPAMClaim`. This flow

Author: ACK. Will let it go altogether, i.e. remove this commit

[design proposal](https://github.com/kubevirt/community/pull/279).

## Limitations

OVN-Kubernetes currently does **not** support:

> 

Author: I do. will add.

- mtu (taken from network attachment definition)

### Configuring dns server
By default, the DHCP server at ovn-kubernetes will configure the kubernetes
default dns service `kube-system/kube-dns` as the name server. This can be
overridden with the following command line options:
- dns-service-namespace
- dns-service-name

## Limitations
OVN-Kubernetes currently does **not** support:

- the same attachment configured multiple times in the same pod - i.e.
  `k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: l3-network,l3-network` is invalid.
- updates to the network-attachment-definition defining the topology. The user must align all NADs pointing to the same network, 

>   then workloads must be restarted.

Reviewer: Nice. Still, as currently written, it gives the impression that updates are **not** supported. 

Let's try to re-phrase it to something that says that updates do not take effect *until* ...

How about we remove this sentence from the list of things that "OVN-Kubernetes currently does **not** support", and add it further down, in a note or something similar ?

Something like: 
- updates to the network specification require the attached workloads restart. All the network-attachment-definitions pointing to the same network *must* have a consistent configuration, and then workloads *must* be restarted.

Author: I like it.
